docs: fix installation source URL in ARM devices guide (#17128)
paradigmxyz/reth: docs/vocs/docs/pages/installation/build-for-arm-devices.mdx

## Build Reth

> If both your CPU architecture and the memory layout are valid, the instructions for building Reth will not differ from [the standard process](https://paradigmxyz.github.io/reth/installation/source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both your CPU architecture and the memory layout are valid, the instructions for building Reth will not differ from [the standard process](https://reth.rs/installation/source/).
```
